What I did in terminal:

npm i express-session



## Introduction

Use `Node.js`, `Express` and `Knex` to build an API that provides register, login and logout functionality.

## Instructions

### Task 1: Project Setup and Submission

Your assignment page on Canvas should contain instructions for submitting this project. If you are still unsure, reach out to School Staff.

### Task 2: Minimum Viable Product

#### 2A - Database Access Functions

Write the following user access functions inside `api/users/users-model.js`:

- [x] `find`
- [x] `findBy`
- [x] `findById`
- [x] `add`




#### 2B - Middleware Functions

Write the following auth middlewares inside `api/auth/auth-middleware.js`:

- [x] `restricted`
- [ ] `checkUsernameFree`
- [ ] `checkPasswordLength`
- [ ] `checkUsernameExists`




#### 2C - Endpoints

Authentication will be tracked using sessions and cookies. See `api/server.js` for more instructions.

Write the following endpoints. The first one belongs inside `api/users/users-router.js` and the rest inside `api/auth/auth-router.js`:

All endpoints connected and working, just need to add requirements stated in router files. 
- [x] `[GET] /api/users`                
- [z] `[POST] /api/auth/register`
- [z] `[POST] /api/auth/login`
- [z] `[GET] /api/auth/logout`




#### Users Schema

The database `auth.db3` includes a single `users` table:

| field    | data type        | metadata                                      |
| :------- | :--------------- | :-------------------------------------------- |
| user_id  | unsigned integer | primary key, auto-increments, generated by db |
| username | string           | required, unique                              |
| password | string           | required                                      |




#### Notes
- Run tests locally executing `npm test`.
- The project comes with `migrate`, `rollback` and `seed` scripts in case you need to reset the database.

### Task 3: Stretch Goals

- Build a React application that implements components to register, login and view a list of users. Gotta keep sharpening your React skills.